Hello Facebook Ads people!
Very quick video today,
we are going to talk about some errors
that Ι have located οn the Facebook platform.
And number one is the one which is saying
"Payments are not available for your role.
Please check the permissions
on your ad account." (#1815010)
One other error that
I see which is exactly the same.
It's the one that is called
"Ad Creative is incomplete. The post."
It actually has also a mistake.
It says "the the post"
(4084601...)"
Okay, it has a very big number.
Most probably this is
the number and the ID of the post
"cannot be loaded.
It might be deleted or you are
lacking permissions to see it.
If you selected your ad is not available.
It could be deleted or you might
not have permissions to see it.
Please check your ad creative
and try again."
(#2446289)
So the two errors are (#2446289)
and the other one.
Just give me a second.
It's the (#1815010).
So about these two errors,
I need to tell you that
I have been struggling a lot.
I was having issues.
Of course, these errors don't appear to people that
they actually own an account.
They appear to people that they go to other accounts
to work for other people.
As a freelancer,
I have access to several ad accounts.
The solution this problem that they have found is that
for some reason I don't have the permissions
or I'm lacking some maybe
a button on the business settings or
something that they haven't found.
The simple solution to that is that
if you want to launch a campaign
which is having this error
and you cannot launch it,
then you are asking from the person
who owns the account
to actually go duplicate the campaign,
launch it and publish it.
So this campaign is going to be published
and you will see that
the problem and the error is going to be gone.
The same happens for both of the errors.
As soon as you do it, you are able to
actually click on the campaign.
Do changes close ad sets that
they're not working well and
play with a budget without having any issues.
So create the campaign
even if it has the error,
put them to
of course, publish it with the error
so that they can be able to see it,
because if it is in draft mode
they are not going to be able to see it.
Let the owner of the account do the job
and actually duplicate it and publish it
so that it's going to be published.
You will see that it's going to be approved.
You will have no issues with that.
I have tried everything else.
I have tried removing myself,
adding myself again.
I have tried settings,
all the things that you can imagine.
The only thing that
solved the problem to me is this.
I know that it might not be the ideal solution,
but at least for me,
I was able to run the ads without any issues.
Thank you very much.
This is a very short video.
I hope that you will find the information useful.
And I had so much trouble with this error,
so I hope that it's going to help you.